YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK THESE
SENIOR CITIZENS
ARE REALLY GOING TO
APPRECIATE US HELPING OUT.
WHY CAN'T WE DO THIS
AT THE MALL?
I MEAN, I'LL VOLUNTEER
TO TRY ON SOME SHOES.
HEY. HOW CAN I HELP
YOU YOUNG FOLKS?
OH, I'M LOOKING
FOR A LEE JENKINS.
WELL, YOU FOUND ONE.
OH, OK. WELL,
I'M EDDIE THOMAS.
I'LL BE VISITING HERE
WITH YOU EVERY DAY
AFTER SCHOOL.
OH. NOW, WHO ARE
YOU YOUNG LADIES
LOOKING FOR?
GERTRUDE GROSSMAN?
AHA! HEY, GERT!
YOUR VOLUNTEER'S HERE.
SHAKE A LEG.
HI, MRS. GROSSMAN.
I'M CHELSEA.
OH, PLEASE
CALL ME GERTIE.
DO YOU LIKE
TO ARM WRESTLE?
OK, GERTIE.
OH, GOOD.
I'LL GO EASY ON YOU.
OK.
SHE'S SO PRECIOUS.
BUT I THINK
I CAN TAKE HER.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GET THIS OVER WITH.
RHONNIE WILCOX?!
GOING ONCE...
GOING TWICE...
GOING TO THE MALL.
SHE CANNOT HEAR YOU.
OH, SHE'S A LITTLE
HARD OF HEARING? OK.
RHONNIE WILCOX!
SHE CANNOT HEAR YOU!
WHY?
BECAUSE SHE IS
IN HER ROOM.
MY BAD.
LET'S GO.
♪ IF YOU COULD GAZE
INTO THE FUTURE ♪
♪ FUTURE, FUTURE ♪
♪ YOU MIGHT THINK
LIFE WOULD BE A BREEZE ♪
♪ LIFE IS A BREEZE ♪
♪ SEEING TROUBLE
FROM A DISTANCE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
GO, RAE!
♪ BUT IT'S NOT THAT EASY ♪
♪ OH, NO ♪
♪ I TRY TO SAVE
THE SITUATION ♪
♪ THEN I END UP
MISBEHAVIN' ♪
♪ OHH, WHOA, OH ♪
♪ HEY, NOW, SAY NOW ♪
♪ 'BOUT TO PUT IT DOWN,
YEAH ♪
♪ COME ON AND RIDE
WITH RAE NOW ♪
♪ AND THE FUTURE
LOOKS GREAT NOW ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING'S GONNA
CHANGE NOW ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME, YEAH ♪
YEP, THAT'S ME.
AHEM.
MS. WILCOX!
Ms. Wilcox:
GO AWAY!
NO, NO, MS. WILCOX.
I'M RAVEN BAXTER.
YOUR VOLUNTEER?
WELL, WHY
DIDN'T YOU SAY SO
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
GO AWAY.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
MS. WILCOX.
LOOK, OK, WHEN I VOLUNTEER
FOR SOMETHING,
I STICK TO IT.
AND I CAN STAND HERE
ALL DAY.
I CAN BE JUST
AS STUBBORN AS YOU.
MS. WILCOX, PLEASE LET ME IN!
MY FEET HURT!
MY FEET HURT, MS. WILCOX!
PLEASE, LET ME--
IF I LET YOU IN,
WILL THAT SHUT YOU UP?
COME ON IN.
SO, UH...WE HAVE
A WHOLE HOUR TOGETHER.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
I WANT YOU TO SIT DOWN
AND BE QUIET
WHILE I READ MY BOOK.
[CHAIR CREAKING]
DO YOU MIND?
SORRY.
IS THIS YOU SINGING?
YES.
AND THIS IS ME
READING.
I AM JUST TRYING TO BE
A FRIENDLY VOLUNTEER.
[FILE SCRATCHING]
[WHISTLING]
YOU KNOW, I DIDN'T THINK
ANYTHING COULD BE
MORE ANNOYING
THAN THE SOUND
OF YOUR VOICE,
BUT THERE IT IS.
I AM JUST DOING MY NAILS.
I COULD DO YOUR NAILS
IF YOU WANT ME TO.
IF I LET YOU DO THAT,
WILLTHAT SHUT YOU UP?
IT MIGHT.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT,
BUT LET'S GIVE IT
A SHOT.
AHH!
RAVEN'S NAIL SALON
IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
[BELL RINGS]
SO YOU GONNA WALK ME
HOME AGAIN TODAY, CORY?
I CAN'T DRIVE,
SO I GUESS THAT'S THE PLAN.
UH, CINDY?
I FORGOT SOMETHING.
I'LL MEET YOU OUTSIDE.
OK.
ALL RIGHT.
[WHISPERING]
Madison. Madison.
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
YES, YOUARE
A BIG DUMMY.
SERIOUSLY.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
IT'S MY 3-MONTH
ANNIVERSARY WITH CINDY.
YOU REMEMBERED.
SCORE ONE FOR THE BIG DUMMY.
THANKS.
ANYWAY, LOOK,
I GOT HER A GIFT
AND I WANT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK OF IT.
OK?
[UNZIPPING BACKPACK]
IT'S A BATTERY-OPERATED
HEAD MASSAGER.
YOU JUST TURN IT ON
AND...
[BUZZING]
AHH.
SHE'S GONNA LOVE IT,
RIGHT?
WRONG.
YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT ROMANCE.
OH, MAN.
I GOT TO TALK
TO THE GUY WHO
SOLD ME THIS THING.
I TOLD YOU.
ALL SALES ARE FINAL.
IT SAYS IT
ON THE RECEIPT.
LOOK, MAN, YOU DIDN'T
GIVE ME A RECEIPT.
YOU SHOULD ALWAYS
GET A RECEIPT, MY BROTHER.
LOOK, MY BROTHER,
YOU SAID CINDY
WOULD LOVE IT.
I MAY HAVE SAID THAT.
SHOOT, I SAY A LOT OF THINGS.
LOOK, MAN,
SERIOUSLY, THIS IS
MY 3-MONTH ANNIVERSARY.
OK? I NEED SOMETHING,
YOU KNOW, ROMANTIC?
YOU MEAN LIKE A 3-MONTH
ANNIVERSARY RING.
YES.THAT WOULD BE PERFECT.
LET ME CHECK
MY INVENTORY.
HEY, BRO, I SAID
LETME CHECK MY INVENTORY.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SEE.
ONE-MONTH...2-MONTH...
YOU'RE IN LUCK.
I DO HAPPEN TO HAVE
THESE 2 MATCHING RINGS.
ONE FOR YOU...
AND ONE FOR YOUR LADY.
TAKE IT FOR A SPIN.
OK.
OH, THAT'S TIGHT
RIGHT THERE.
WHAT'S UP?
OH, THAT'S 30 BUCKS
RIGHT THERE. WHAT'S UP?
MAN, GERTIE,
HOW'D YOU GET SO STRONG?
PULLIN' THE BRAKE LEVER.
I WAS ONE OF THE FIRST
FEMALE CABLE CAR
OPERATORS
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
WOW, GERTIE, YOU'RE
SUCH AN INSPIRATION...
BUT YOU'RE STILL
GOIN' DOWN!
HA HA HA HA HA!
HOW Y'ALL DOIN'?
HEY, RAE.
I HAVE TO GO SEE
MS. WILCOX.
WHAT? HEY, GERTIE.
YOU HEAR THAT?
RHONNIE
LETTIN' HER IN AGAIN.
AGAIN?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
SHE LET YOU IN
THE FIRST TIME.
OOOOH!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
I'M HERE?
OH, SORRY, SWEETHEART.
UGH!
I SAW SOME OLD PICTURES
IN HER ROOM.
WAS MS. WILCOX
A FAMOUS SINGER?
YOU NEVER HEARD
OF RHONNIE WILCOX?
RHONNIE WILCOX
PERFORMED JAZZ
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
CHECKMATE.
WELL, DOES SHE STILL SING?
NO, NOT SINCE SHE
LOST HER HUSBAND.
NOW SHE BARELY
TALKS.
SHE TALKED TO ME.
WELL, YOU MUST BE
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
RHONNIE CAN BE
A TOUGH NUT
TO CRACK.
WHO YOU CALLIN' A NUT?
OH, GREAT DAY
IN THE MORNIN'!
YOU LOOKIN' GOOD...
RHONNIE!
OW!
LOOK AT MR. J., Y'ALL.
HE'S STILL GOT IT.
WELL, RAVEN DID
FIX ME UP YESTERDAY.
AND I JUST DIDN'T WANT
TO SIT IN MY ROOM AND LET
ALL THIS PRETTY GO TO WASTE.
WELL, WHY DON'T WE
GO SPREAD THAT
PRETTY AROUND?
LET'S GO OUT
TO LUNCH.
OUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH, COME ON.
IT'LL BE FUN.
HEY, WE CAN GO TO
MY DAD'S RESTAURANT.
YOUR DAD'S GOT A RESTAURANT?
SURE DOES.
IT'S CALLED
THE CHILL GRILL.
GREAT FOOD.
OR...
WE CAN STAY HERE
AND GO TO
THE CAFETERIA
LIKE YOU DO
EVERY DAY.
WHAT IS IT,
CREAMED CORN DAY?
SO LONG, SUCKERS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU PERFORMED IN PARIS,
ROME, TOKYO.
WAIT A SEC.
HOW DID THEY
UNDERSTAND YOU?
SWEETHEART, BACK THEN
EVERYBODY SPOKE JAZZ.
HEY, RAE.
WHO'S YOUR FRIEND?
OH. THIS IS
MS. RHONNIE WILCOX.
SHE IS A FAMOUS
JAZZ SINGER.
OHH, YOU'RE RHONNIE WILCOX.
WE USED TO LISTEN TO
YOUR MUSIC ALL THE TIME.
MY PARENTS HAD
ALL YOUR ALBUMS.
WELL, THAT'S VERY NICE,
BUT THAT WAS
A LONG TIME AGO.
I USED TO LOVE IT
WHEN YOU WOULD SCAT.
[SCATTING]
WHOO! OOH, DAD, THIS IS
A NO SCAT ZONE FOR YOU.
OH, RIGHT.
IT'S NOT EVERY DAY
WE HAVE A JAZZ LEGEND
HERE AT THE CHILL GRILL.
ORDER ANYTHING YOU LIKE.
THANK YOU.
[SCATTING]
ANYTHING? WHOA, MY DAD
HAS NEVER SAID THAT.
I AM GETTIN' THE LOBSTER.
NO, WAIT A SECOND.
I'M GETTIN' THE STEAK.
WAIT A SECOND.
I CAN GET THE LOBSTER
AND THE STEAK 'CAUSE IT'S FREE.
WHOO! OK.
SO YOU NEED
TO LOOK AT THE MENU
SO WE CAN DO IT SO MY DADDY
WON'T CHANGE HIS MIND.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S
SOMETHING ABOUT THIS PLACE.
YES, THE FOOD IS
[KISSES AIR] GREAT!
AND IT'S FREE
IF YOU HURRY SO...
ENTREES.
WHAT'S THE ADDRESS HERE?
UH, IT'S 1413 HILL STREET.
BUT I REALLY THINK
WE NEED TO ORDER EXTRA
DESSERTS, 'CAUSE HE--
I'M LEAVING.
WHAT?
I NEVER SHOULD'VE
LEFT MY ROOM.
I'M GOING HOME.
OK, WAIT.
I'LL HELP YOU.
ALONE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY MS. WILCOX
LEFT THE CHILL GRILL.
I MEAN, I THOUGHT WE WERE
HAVING SUCH A GOOD TIME.
[BREATHING HEAVILY,
BLOWING RASPBERRY]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GOTTA GET PUMPED.
REMATCH WITH GERTIE.
DON'T YOU WRESTLE
WITH YOUR RIGHT ARM?
AWW, MAN!
HEY! IT'S NOT FUNNY, OK?
YOU KIDS DON'T KNOW
WHAT FASHION IS!
WELL, MAYBE IF YOU
TOOK OFF THAT
GOOFY HAT,
THEY'D STOP LAUGHING
SO YOU COULD TELL THEM.
LOOK, FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
MR. JENKINS
HOOKED ME UP WITH THIS. OK?
HE'S GOT A WHOLE WAREHOUSE
FULL OF THIS STUFF.
SEE, BACK IN THE DAYS, Y'ALL,
ALL THE COOL FELLAS WORE THIS.
OOH. OK, WELL,
YOU'RE IN THE PRESENT.
IT'S KIND OF
THE OPPOSITE.
EXCUSE ME.
CAN WE STOP WORRYING
ABOUT HIS SILLY-LOOKIN' HAT
AND SEE WHAT WE'RE GONNA DO
ABOUT MS. WILCOX?
AND NOW THE FOUR ACES
IS PROUD TO PRESENT
MS. RHONNIE WILCOX!
NOWTHAT WAS STRANGE.
WHY, RAE?
WHAT DID YOU SEE?
I THINK FOR THE FIRST TIME,
I HAD A VISION
FROM THE PAST.
I SAW MS. WILCOX BEING
INTRODUCED AT A PLACE
CALLED THE FOUR ACES.
NEVER HEARD OF IT.
HEY, MR. B., YOU EVER
HEARD OF A PLACE
CALLED THE FOUR ACES?
OF COURSE.
WAY BEFORE
THE CHILL GRILL WAS
THE CHILL GRILL,
IT WAS A FAMOUS
JAZZ CLUB CALLED
THE FOUR ACES.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I NEVER TOLD YOU
ABOUT THAT.
WOW.
THE CHILL GRILL
USED TO BE THE FOUR ACES?
[GROANING]
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM, MAN?
I WAS IN THE TUB.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
LOOK, MAN, THIS
IS THE PROBLEM.
YOUR CHEAP RING
TURNED MY FINGER GREEN.
THERE'S NO WAY I'M GIVIN'
THE OTHER ONE TO CINDY.
RELAX. RELAX.
I'VE GOT JUST
THE THING FOR YOU.
BAM!
"RING REMOVER"?
29.95, MY BROTHER.
BUT GIVEN THE STATE
OF YOUR EMERGENCY,
THAT'S GONNA BE
40 BUCKS.
MS. WILCOX...
UM, I KNOW THE CHILL GRILL
USED TO BE THE FOUR ACES,
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW THAT
WHEN I TOOK YOU THERE,
SO I'M REALLY SORRY
IF IT BROUGHT BACK
ANY BAD MEMORIES OR--
YOU'RE WRONG.
IT BROUGHT BACK
WONDERFUL MEMORIES.
IT DID?
YEAH.
YOU WANT TO GO INSIDE
OR YOU WANT TO STAND OUT HERE
AND TALK IN THE HALL?
HAVE A SEAT.
MY FATHER USED TO OWN
THE FOUR ACES.
HE DID?
YEAH. AND I SAW
ALL THE GREATS THERE.
I SAW ELLA THERE.
I SAW DUKE THERE.
I SAW COUNT--
DRACULA?
BASIE!
I KNEW THAT.
SO WHY DID YOU
RUN OUT YESTERDAY?
WELL, BEING IN YOUR
DADDY'S PLACE REMINDED ME
I NEVER GOT A CHANCE
TO SING IN MY DADDY'S PLACE.
I WAS STILL A LITTLE GIRL
WHEN THEY HAD TO SELL THE CLUB.
I HAVE SUNG
ALL OVER THE WORLD,
BUT I NEVER GOT A CHANCE
TO SING IN THE PLACE
I ALWAYS DREAMED OF.
OH, NO, NO,
I SAW YOU.
YOU WERE BEING
INTRODUCED.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I SAW IT IN MY--
RESEARCH.
[WHISPERING]
If it wasn't the past,
then it...
YOU KNOW, FOR A YOUNG WOMAN,
YOU TALK TO YOURSELF
AN AWFUL LOT.
MS. WILCOX, WOULD YOU
BE WILLING TO GET
ALL DRESSED UP
AND COME ON
A LITTLE TRIP WITH ME?
IS THIS GONNA PUT ME
IN A BAD MOOD?
'CAUSE I'M NOT USUALLY
THIS PLEASANT.
TRUST ME.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
MMM. HMM!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU GOT ME ALL DRESSED UP
TO BRING ME BACK
TO THE CHILL GRILL.
WE ARE NOT EVEN
AT THE CHILL GRILL.
NOW, I MAY BE OLD,
BUT I DO REMEMBER BEING HERE
A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO.
WE ARE GOING SO MUCH
FARTHER BACK THAN THAT.
[BAND PLAYING]
[JAZZ PLAYING]
WHAT IN THE WORLD...
GOOD EVENING,
LADIES.
MS. WILCOX,
WELCOME BACK
TO THE FOUR ACES.
MY GOODNESS!
HOW DID YOU DO THIS?
IT LOOKS JUST LIKE IT DID
WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL.
WELL, YOU SAID THIS WAS
THE HAPPIEST TIME
OF YOUR LIFE,
SO WE MADE
A FEW PHONE CALLS,
PULLED A FEW STRINGS,
AND I TALKED TO THE OWNER.
MS. WILCOX, YOUR PART
OF THE HISTORY
OF THIS PLACE,
AND WE JUST WANTED
TO CELEBRATE IT.
NOW LET'S STOP
THE CHATTIN'
AND LET'S START SCATTIN'.
[SCATTING]
YEP, DAD, YOU PROMISED.
NOT YOU.
OK, FINE. I'LL JUST GO
SCAT IN THE KITCHEN.
[SCATTING]
SO...WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I'M STUNNED.
YOU DID ALL THIS FOR ME?
OH, DON'T EVEN
WORRY ABOUT IT.
BUT I WANT YOU
TO CHECK OUT
THE BAND LEADER.
HE REALLY KNOWS
HOW TO SWING.
HEY, NOW WE'RE COOKIN'
WITH SOME GAS.
HEY, MY MAN LOOKING GOOD
IN THAT ZOOT SUIT.
LEE, YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS?
NOW WHO YOU THINK
SUPPLIED ALL THESE
SHARP CLOTHES?
AND MAY I SAY
IT'S NICE SEEING YOU
LOOKING ALL DOLLED UP?
DON'T YOU SWEET TALK ME,
YOU OLD PLAYER.
OH! LET ME
ESCORT YOU
TO YOUR SEAT.
WELL, OK, THEN.
HELLO. HEY, HEY.
RHONNIE,
YOU LOOK LIKE
A MILLION BUCKS.
THANK YOU.
OH, YEAH.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU.
COULD YOU EXCUSE US
FOR A SECOND?
OF COURSE.
OK, THANKS!
CHELSEA, HAVE YOU
BEEN WORKING OUT?
YOU TELL ME!
WORK HARDER,
SWEETHEART.
LOOK HERE. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I'M SWINGING EDDIE
AND THIS IS
THE SWINGING EDDIE ORCHESTRA.
NOW, EVERYBODY,
IT'S TIME TO CUT A RUG.
LET'S JITTERBUG!
[CHEERING]
Cory: EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME.
STANLEY,
THAT'S SO SWEET.
CINDY, WHATEVER HE'S
SELLING DON'T BUY. UH-HUH.
CORY, STANLEY
WAS JUST TELLING ME
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE
AN ANNIVERSARY GIFT FOR ME.
DID HE ALSO TELL YOU
HOW HE HUSTLED ME?
HA HA!
HE SAID IT WAS EASY
BECAUSE HE KNEW
HOW BADLY YOU WANTED
TO GIVE ME A GREAT GIFT.
I TOLD YOU DON'T LISTEN
TO THIS LITTLE--
OH, MAN. YOU SAID THAT?
I MAY HAVE
SAID THAT.
I SAY
A LOT OF THINGS.
HE ALSO SAYS THAT HE FEELS
REALLY BAD ABOUT IT.
THANKS, STANLEY.
SO, UH, I CAN GET
MY MONEY BACK?
HEY, I DON'T FEEL
THAT BAD.
OK.
HEY, DAD, IT'S TIME.
EDDIE, CUT THE MUSIC.
AHEM.
AND NOW, THE FOUR ACES
IS PROUD TO PRESENT
MS. RHONNIE WILCOX.
CHELS, THIS
WAS MY VISION.
OH, I MADE IT
COME TRUE.
SHE IS SO GONNA
LOVE THIS.
[BAND PLAYS]
♪ DOO-AH ♪
UM, MS. RHONNIE WILCOX
WILL NOW HONOR US
WITH A SONG.
NO, SHE WON'T.
WHOO. KIND OF
A LET-DOWN, HUH, RAE?
EDDIE, KEEP PLAYING.
CHELS, KEEP DOO-WOPPING.
EXCUSE ME!
MS. WILCOX, THIS IS
THE BIG SURPRISE.
I DON'T KNOW, RAVEN.
THIS HAS ALWAYS BEEN
YOUR DREAM.
YOU FINALLY GET TO SING HERE
AT THE FOUR ACES.
BUT IT'S BEEN SO LONG
SINCE I PERFORMED.
IF YOU SING,
THAT'LL SHUT ME UP.
WELL, IF YOU'LL
GET IT STARTED,
WE'LL GET THIS JOINT
JUMPING.
ALL RIGHT!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE FOUR ACES
IS PROUD TO PRESENT
MS. RHONNIE WILCOX.
[APPLAUSE]
Both: ♪ DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
♪ IT DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
♪ IF IT AIN'T
GOT THAT SWING, YEAH ♪
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
♪ IT DON'T MEAN A THING,
ALL YOU GOT TO DO IS SING ♪
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
[SCATTING]
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
[SCATTING]
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
♪ IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE
IF IT'S SWEET OR HOT ♪
♪ SWEET OR HOT ♪
♪ JUST GIVE THAT RHYTHM
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT ♪
♪ GIVE IT ALL YOU'VE GOT ♪
♪ GIVE IT EVERYTHING
YOU'VE GOT ♪
♪ OH, IT DON'T... ♪
♪ IT DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
♪ IF IT AIN'T
GOT THAT SWING ♪
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
♪ IT DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
♪ ALL YOU'VE GOT TO DO
IS SING ♪
♪ DOO-AH, DOO-AH,
DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
DOO-AH, DOO-AH, DOO-AH ♪
[BAND PLAYING]
OH! HAVING FUN?
THANK YOU, RAVEN.
I NEVER THOUGHT I'D SEE
THE FOUR ACES AGAIN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR KNOCKING ON MY DOOR.
AND YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
A VERY SWEET GIRL,
EVEN THOUGH YOU DO
TALK TO YOURSELF.
OH.